You should start planning on retirement as soon as you join the Navy.
Once you get closer to 20 years, then you're thinking about the specifics,
which they am I going to retire at? How many years exactly am
I gonna have? How much money that's gonna be at the very, very end.
But earlier on in your career, you might want to think about which
investments I should invest in. Um, I going to do through savings plan.
Um, I going thio have some kind of rs benefits and contribute money
to that. Um, I'm gonna invest in stocks. The Navy has many resources
that can help you with making the correct decision returning concerning
retirement. But if you're listening to this and you're in the
military, you should already be thinking about retirement.